hey guys so today we are doing the
gluten-free Oreo challenge and what we
mean by that is we're not eating the
Oreos we have a special guest market it
is going to be trying a bunch of Oreos
that man will give to him and he has to
guess what they are and if you like that
and whoever or which one he likes or
guesses gets a point from that person
it's company using she's bad at
explaining but they don't make sense
well just start you like strawberry yeah
I guess one point we need this point
Marcus cherry right it's strawberry very
very
yeah yeah just a one okay
delicious
[Music]
chocolate that's a smart girl do you see
anything else in it and what do you
think yeah okay Marcus no remember would
you eat a lot would you want to eat a
different no no it's just if you eat
these big time this song is the hey
Marcus there you go box of these Oreos
tastes like Christmas why you smell less
bigger than the whole box today
jellybeans
would you eat it again Oh
last question about which one of these
is your favorite and which one was your
least favorite like my favorite the
lemon what was your least favorite
s'mores one
okay now you want all these or thank you
guys for watching this video we hope you
guys enjoyed it if you did please give
it a thumbs up comment down below one of
these
[Music]
you've gone on the plane take us days
just like open your bad night nerves all
right
what guide you down the stairs
[Music]